Stokin, a software for inventory and stock management. 

Stokin has a specific story of how it became from a vast idea in someone's mind to a propper software.
My name is Pedro Nascimento, 23 years old until now (2024). I'm a brazilian guy who, in the beggining of 2019, moved to study and
work abroad in Ireland.
    Mid 2019 to mid 2020 I started to notice, in the different companies I used to work that they were facing a common issue, 
    something that wasn't important enough for the owners to deal with.
    Because of the fact that i used to jog hop in order ton get different experience in different aspects and areas of business. To 
    compare the assets and liabilities of each company was easier. 
    
    In the start of the year 2020, I noticed most companies like pubs (bars), little shops (as fishmongers, and stores), and other 
    businesses would suffer with organization when it comes to their stock, as goods in and goods out. 

    The idea of Stokin came from that perspective. To create and automate a software for small businesses and start ups in order to 
    automate their use of sheets for controlling the stocks, profits, and orders (when to order, when to not).

    It took me about 4 years of study, programming related, plus business knowledge acquired along the years to actually take the idea
    somewhere else but the mind. 

    With the fact that a software had to be built for completing the graduation in programming, why not just use and apply the idea.
    Due to lack of time, many features that were tought to enhance the user experience and make the software actually worth using 
    won't be added in this version, but aimed for a possible future lauch of the software. 

    So Basically, Stokin is a software to avoid use of paper lists and analisys of data (related to stock) daily, onece the software will 
    give it all to the user. 

    Other softwares already exist that has kind of a similar finality. some focused in the financial of the company, with business and all "Xero"
    Other with the inventory of the company "Sortly", with a pay system for better use and access. 
    But none with the same finality of controlling goods in and out, with supplier information attached to each product, 
    with a dashboard to show the movement of the products within the company 
    and colour coding for an easy viewing of low stock and mid stock. Plus it has to be free to use, because the idea is to help the 
    businesses that are beggining and have low budgeting. 

    

    


